result = client.predict(
	prompt=(
		"Indoor candid portrait of a young blonde adult woman sitting cross-legged on a wooden floor in a minimalist bedroom, smiling naturally toward the camera. "
		"She wears light-colored lingerie with an open striped shirt, relaxed unposed posture, intimate casual mood. "
		"Direct on-camera flash lighting creating bright highlights on skin, hard shadows on the wall and floor, slightly flattened perspective. "
		"Snapshot / point-and-shoot photography aesthetic, early-2000s film flash look, high contrast, visible texture, subtle grain. "
		"Neutral walls, unmade bed in the background, realistic proportions, photorealistic, high detail, 4k quality."
	),

Ultra-realistic lifestyle beach photograph of an adult woman sitting relaxed on a white towel-covered beach lounger, legs comfortably apart, casual candid posture. 
She wears a light green minimalist string bikini with thin straps and a low-rise bottom, natural athletic build, realistic body proportions. 
She has medium-length dark brown hair tucked under a dark green baseball cap with white embroidered text, wearing dark sunglasses. 
She is holding a fresh coconut with both hands and drinking from it using a straw, head slightly tilted downward, calm focused expression. 
Small fine-line tattoos visible on arms, shoulders, and torso, subtle and natural. 
Bright midday coastal sunlight casting crisp shadows on the sand and her body, strong natural directional light from above and slightly to the side, high clarity and contrast. 
White sand beach in the foreground with textured footprints and fabric folds, turquoise-blue ocean behind her with gentle waves, several people swimming in the water in the mid-background. 
Clear blue sky with soft distant clouds, horizon line visible. 
Casual vacation atmosphere, candid travel photography aesthetic, no posing, no glamour styling. 
Sharp focus on subject, deep depth of field keeping background readable but slightly softened. 
Natural skin texture, realistic highlights, subtle sun sheen on skin, no artificial smoothing. 
Photorealistic, high detail, true-to-life colors, lifestyle editorial realism, 4k quality.